SpotTheBall
===========

Spot The Ball is a traditional 80's game that was played in newspapers - it's kinda retro which I​ like. No-one had done a worthy digital version, so we decided to, with a few differences.  Firstly, we paid close attention to the gameplay aspect it's super simple and very slick. You can be playing the game and spending money in 3 steps.  We wanted to ensure you are never too far away from the game screen so all the controls are right there.​ The gameplay of selecting a panel where you think the ball, removed from the shot, should be is highly tactile and very addictive.  The game panel is split into a grid, in this case, a 7 x 5 setup. Each panel is 400px x 400px.​ Therefore a 1 in 160,000 x 35 chance of getting the correct pixel, which means in a fixed odds game, you can offer great odds and create a low stake, high reward game. With fixed odds, the prize is guaranteed with no need to pool from participating users.  Before you clever dicks think that's a good idea, we have UK and international patents pending for the gameplay aspect which makes it possible to have such a game.​  In order to maintain the game of skill aspect, we had to maintain the concept of the position of the ball being determined by a panel of judges.​ That's right, it's not simply removed from the image, as you first thought. We build a custom administration area so multiple judges could visually analyse a game with no additional visual cues (grid, co-ordinates etc.), in a time controlled environment.   ​When multiple judges have "judged" the position, the results are vectorised and the aggregate co-ordinates calculated, encrypted and stored within the game settings. Boom  We also built a full custom backend for the general game administration and everything else you'd expect.​ I'm not sure we'll be taking this to market ourselves and are currently seeking partners / operators in the gaming industry to help us go from demo to having real people spending lots of hard earned cash playing it.